[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: Today, we're gonna look
a little bit at starting off with kind of
a deeper dive on the front
end part of our application.
So we sort of hand waved at the primary
tools in the front end tool chain
a little bit.
But I wanted to dive in a little bit
further and kind of explain some of
the things that are going on there, and
some of the tools we're bringing to bear.
Did you have a question mark or-
>> Speaker 2: Yeah,
fill [INAUDIBLE] to see an example of
how to properly stores credentials
in S3 like we suggested yesterday.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Yeah, yeah, definitely.
I don't have that in the materials, but
maybe over lunch,
I can whip something up to show that.
It's really just a matter of creating
an S3 Bucket, uploading a credential
file there, and then accessing that
S3 Bucket from your instances.
But that's essentially what it is,
and there are different
ways to accomplish that, but
having an S3 bucket with restricted access
such that only members of a certain,
kind of like we do with our [INAUDIBLE]
such that only members of a certain
group can have access to that bucket.
So in theory,
you can you can configure it such that
an administrator creates credentials,
creates the connection strings.
That administrator uploads
those values to an S3 bucket.
And only the instances running in
production have access to actually read
that S3 bucket.
So me as the developer,
I never know what those values are, and
when I deploy my application I read
in those values from S3 because I
only have access to that
bucket in production.
And that's that's kind of what we do
with our production environment and
our ops team.
They provision the credentials, and they
give our production instances access to
that bucket, and then we read
in those credentials from there.
So at a high level, that's how it works.
But yeah, I'll see if I can
do a specific example, but
that's essentially what it would it be.
Provisioning an S3 Bucket, and
giving permissions to the Node
app to read from that bucket,
but only in production.
So again I think what we're
gonna lead off with today is
driving a little bit more onto
the front end tool chain.
We'll start off with a little look at
BrowserFI and Sask, kind of the two
primary tools we're using for
JavaScript and CSS code pre-processing.
We'll dive into a few those features,
do a few little tweaks to our TodoMVC++
application with those tools.
And then we'll spend a good
amount of time this morning.
We might extend the workshop
time a little bit,
since it'll be a new framework for
most of you.
I'm talking about Vue.js.
Maybe it's Voo, maybe it's View,
I don't know, I always said View.
I thought it was just
a clever way of saying view.
But we'll be extending Vue.js with
a few more features that we've been
lacking in the todo application,
like actually persisting the state
of a todo item to the database.
And also playing a little bit with some of
the capabilities Vue has on the Vue model.
And hopefully getting a little
bit more familiar there.
We'll also do a kind of an extended live
code walk-through of some of the key
features of the framework just to give
people a taste of of how it works.
After that we'll dive into adding some
real time features to our application.
Again, we'll do a little bit of
a code walkthrough on how Socket.IO
works at a high level, and
then we'll add a specific realtime
feature into the TodoMVC applications.
So we can see how we can maybe
update that to do list in
real time as folks are adding
more items to the list.
We'll take a little break.
We may or may not start Socket.io or
finish Socket.io before break,
we'll kind of play that by year.
And then this afternoon,
we'll talk about a couple of tools that
we use in our production applications.
For load testing, I will take a quick
look at a tool called Locust which will
help you do some load testing on
your on your web applications.
And then we'll have you in the exercise
actually integrate a tool that we
found really useful called rollbar,
which is a service which tracks exceptions
that are raised by your application, and
allows you to send out notifications
with that information.
So we'll actually integrate that into
our TodoMVC application as well.
And then we'll wrap up with
some web analytics basics.
Google Analytics is a tool
we use all the time, and
I think it's sometimes poorly understood
by developers, or maybe developers
feel like there's nothing that you can
glean that's useful from this tool.
So we'll talk a little bit about
some of the information that
you can get from the tool.
I'll try to equip you with a couple
skills within the Google Analytics UI
that you can use to track effectiveness
of your web applications.
And then we'll look at the technical
implementation side, and
add a couple analytics tracking
features to our to do application.
And then we'll wrap up with some Q and A.
And if there are specific topics
that we want to dive deeper on,
maybe we can look at that.
Yeah, maybe we can look at
the S3 Bucket bit there.
Maybe do some live coding there.
But yeah, that's kinda what
we're gonna do here on day two.
And it's gonna be a lot of code.
And I hope you enjoy
doing it as much as I do.